(optional) user_username_format (no default value)
 user_username_format specifies how to construct a user's username on the
 Adobe side by combining constant strings with attribute values.
 Any names in curly braces are taken as attribute names, and everything including
 the braces will be replaced on a per-user basis with the values of the attributes.
 This setting should only be used when you are using federatedID and your
 federation configuration specifies username-based login.  In all other cases,
 make sure this is not set or returns an empty value, and the user's username
 will be taken from the user's email.
 This example supposes that the department and user_id are concatenated to
 produce a unique username for each user.
user_username_format: "{department}_{user_id}"

 Some additional info about LDAP connectors:

 Unlike the CSV connector, the LDAP connector does not have custom specifications
 for how to construct user first names, last names, or country codes from the
 values of different attributes.  That's because the LDAP protocol specifies
 pre-defined aliases for a large number of typical attribute values, so there
 are already pre-defined attribute names that are used for these fields:
 - the Adobe first name is set from the LDAP "givenName" attribute
 - the Adobe last name is set from the LDAP "sn" (surname) attribute
 - the Adobe country is set from the LDAP "country" attribute
 If you need to override these values on the Adobe side, you can use the
 custom extension mechanism (see the docs) to compute and set field values
 by combining these and any other custom attributes needed.  Seed the
 User Sync documentation for full details.

 Finally, some LDAP systems use uids to identify groups, and place users in
 groups via uid rather than name.  The User Sync implementation always reads
 the uid attribute on all objects if the directory provides one, so it is
 able to handle directories which function in this way even though the
 configuration files always specify groups by name.